docs: Add note about Azure DevOps setup (#10653)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/setup-azure-devops.md

### Add renovate.json file

> Additionally, you can create a `renovate.json` file which holds the Renovate configuration, in the root of the repo to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can create a `renovate.json` file (which holds the Renovate configuration) in the root of the repository you want to update.
```

I think this might be even better. 😄 What do you think?

Author: 💯
